feat: add attestation support (#53)
cli/gh-extension-precompile: README.md

          gpg_fingerprint: ${{ steps.import_gpg.outputs.fingerprint }}
```

> ## Attest
> 
> This action can optionally generate signed build provenance attestations for all published executables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Support for Artifact Attestations

This action can optionally generate signed build provenance attestations for all published executables within `${{ github.workspace }}/dist/*`.

For more information, see ["Using artifact attestations to establish provenance for builds"](https://docs.github.com/en/actions/security-guides/using-artifact-attestations-to-establish-provenance-for-builds).
```

```yaml
name: release

on:
  push:
    tags:
      - "v*"

permissions:
  contents: write
  id-token: write
  attestations: write

jobs:
  release:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - uses: actions/checkout@v4
      - uses: cli/gh-extension-precompile@v1
        with:

>           attest: true

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          generate_attestations: true
```
